c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\TestQrCamera.exe.config
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\TestQrCamera.exe
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\TestQrCamera.pdb
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.dll
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.presentation.dll
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.pdb
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.xml
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.presentation.pdb
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.presentation.xml
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.g.resources
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.exe
c:\users\mamim_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.pdb
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\TestQrCamera.exe.config
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.exe
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.pdb
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\TestQrCamera.exe
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\TestQrCamera.pdb
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.dll
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.presentation.dll
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.pdb
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.xml
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.presentation.pdb
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.presentation.xml
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.g.resources
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\TestQrCamera\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\TestQrCamera.exe.config
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.exe
C:\Users\Physmodo7\Desktop\Latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.pdb
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\TestQrCamera.exe.config
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.exe
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.pdb
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\TestQrCamera.exe
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\TestQrCamera.pdb
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.dll
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.presentation.dll
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.pdb
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.xml
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.presentation.pdb
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.presentation.xml
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.g.resources
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\mamim_000\Desktop\latest\frameRecorder\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\TestQrCamera.exe.config
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.exe
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.pdb
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\TestQrCamera.exe
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\TestQrCamera.pdb
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.dll
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.presentation.dll
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.pdb
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.xml
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.presentation.pdb
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\bin\Debug\zxing.presentation.xml
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.g.resources
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\mamim_000\DownloadsE\Latest\latest\frameRecorder - Copy\TestQrCamera\obj\Debug\TestQrCamera.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
